hey guys what's up it's time for another
monster hunter 3 speedrun and this one
holy freakin crap i'm bringing cha cha
yes i'm bringing him with the fuzzy mask
because that makes it so that he will be
like he's not going to be attacking or
anything so you don't need to worry
about that the fuzzy mask makes it so
that cha cha can locate monsters and if
I way down any bombs he'll lay down an
additional bomb so that's really all
that he's going to do you know actually
here let's do this select ok so like
dances all right um what's it I don't
dang it okay can I do anything guess not
okay I was trying to make it so that he
couldn't do that anymore but sometimes
he'll also increase my attack and
defense and stuff I think but anyway oh
this is a royal Luger off-speed mission
or speedrun whatever you want to call it
um here's what's going to be going down
in this mission basically this is a
capture mission and so when I kill him
the quest it's instantly going to be a
failure and so the ending is going to be
significantly different from all these
other missions but you know it'll still
be the same thing it's like you know i
still kill them and everything so it's
fine uh here what's good uh you know
what for no reason let's go ahead and
grab the map for once alright and cha
cha where is he there is ok I got to get
to area five quickly because I gotta set
up because there's a specific thing that
I want to do for this i also want to eat
my mega armored skin and make a diamond
drug and as you can see i am in a brand
new set of armor yes i am in my giggin
ox + armor yeah it's pretty cool this
stuff took me quite a while to get I'll
tell you that right now the Giga knock
stuff is not easy to get you will be at
it for quite a while unless you are very
very lucky ok now of course as always
the fight the timer does not start until
I deliver the first attack and so I'll
crap night controllers been messing up a
little bit i hope that's not going to
screw me over
all right now is the way who drops still
coming come on okay I hope he's still
going to come this way because I need
him to take it if I just had a paintball
or something so I could tell where he's
gonna be there he is okay good all right
now uh what I'm gonna do is gonna look
really weird if a stupid controller I
really hope that this does not screw me
over my controller is messing up i want
to draw a map okay stupid controller
this might be tricky with these
controllers messing up okay now i need
to do stay back huh stop dang it friggin
yeah this is not good right now flash
bomb okay now stay flash please all
right now easy shock trap let's go ahead
lay this shock trap right here okay now
I'm gonna kill this lewd Roth all right
now yeah I know there's a lot of setting
up first but hey this is how it's gonna
work this is how I need it to go good
just got out of it all right here we go
now let's go ahead and get started all
rights timer started right man and don't
rise up like that how dare are you all
right now with the Giga knocks armor you
get an effect called a status tack up
and with statuses hack up it makes it so
that any status inflicting weapons you
use gain and potency so whenever you see
the little puffs of blue smoke come on
whenever you see the little puffs of
blue smoke just know that he is taking
more sleep inducing stuff in him and
though and so the sleep is going to be
brought on a lot quicker and hopefully
more often although it's not coming in
yet on are we getting it there we go
finally okay now way these
all right now um all right let's just go
ahead and do it crap dang it it's not
what I wanted to do this is gone like
really bad all right come on hurry up
he's probably already taken way too long
all right now keep going keep going
might get another sleep on it that'd be
great come on go alright go going ok now
yeah good good good come on come on now
the sleep would be great ok so quest
that's pretty funny all right now don't
forget when I kill him the time it the
quest is gonna say fail so just remember
that all right yeah there we go as soon
as he dies right then all right um I'm
gonna wait for the screen to stop being
weird and I'll just put up the time at a
time when it looks good like maybe you
like right around here or like I don't
know sometime like right now that'd
probably be the best time future me oh
that it didn't look like it took too
long I mean I got hit by some stuff but
that didn't look like it took forever
yeah that was the Royal ooh drop speed
run even though I failed it was still
the speed run so yeah I don't know if
that was longer than the Ratheon one I'm
really really hoping that it wasn't
because that would be really sad if it
was but then again I was relying on us
method that takes a little bit more time
you know because on the Ratheon it was
just you know smasher freakin brains and
with a hammer so yeah anyway that was
the Royal woot-off speedrun stay tuned
next time when I go after something else
so see ya